Blackstone Multi-Asset Investing (BXMA)- Quant/Risk, Associate
Blackstone Group
&nbsp;
4.0
4.0 out of 5 stars
&nbsp;
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY
You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply
Profile insights
Find out how your skills align with the job description
Skills

Do you have experience in SQL?
&nbsp;
Job details
Here’s how the job details align with your profile.
Pay
$160,000 - $175,000 a year
Job type
Full-time
&nbsp;
Full job description
Blackstone is the world’s largest alternative asset manager. We seek to create positive economic impact and long-term value for our investors, the companies we invest in, and the communities in which we work. We do this by using extraordinary people and flexible capital to help companies solve problems. Our $1.1 trillion in assets under management include investment vehicles focused on private equity, real estate, public debt and equity, infrastructure, life sciences, growth equity, opportunistic, non-investment grade credit, real assets and secondary funds, all on a global basis. Further information is available at
www.blackstone.com
. Follow @blackstone on
LinkedIn
,
Twitter
, and
Instagram
.

Job Title: Blackstone Multi-Asset Investing (BXMA)- Quant/Risk, Associate
Business Unit:
Blackstone Multi-Asset Investing (BXMA) manages $83 billion across a diversified set of businesses. We strive to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns across market cycles while mitigating downside risk. Our strategies include Absolute Return, which supports diversification, and Multi-Strategy, which invests opportunistically across asset classes, including direct investments.
Job Description:
BXMA’s Quant team works across BXMA’s investment strategies and is responsible for and involved with many aspects of quantitative analysis and initiatives, including portfolio construction and new product development.
The BXMA Quant Developer will serve as a liaison between the Technology and Investment Teams in the development of portfolio management reporting and analytics, including predictive models, to enhance portfolio management effectiveness and efficiency.
The BXMA Quant Developer will review and understand the various data sources available, both proprietary and third-party, and be responsible for recommending additional data sources, analytics and portfolio management tools.
The BXMA Quant Developer will be expected to coordinate with BXMA’s Technology Team on the access to and format of all data sources, as well as the building of all reporting and analytical models. In additional to this, the BXMA Quant Developer will get involved in the implementation of Quant strategies and will also be expected to carry out research projects.
Qualifications:
Blackstone seeks to hire individuals who are highly motivated, intelligent and have demonstrated excellence in prior endeavors. Ideal candidates will be self-driven, adaptable to work on multiple projects simultaneously and have excellent communication skills. In addition, the successful candidate should have:
4+ years of experience, preferably from a large bank or hedge fund
Strong proficiency in Python and deep knowledge of and experience with various databases (SQL, KDB etc)
Experience working with and combining disparate and diverse data sources
Strong skills in analytical methodologies
Excellence in balancing multiple projects and efficiently meet goals in a dynamic environment
Ability to work independently as well as on a team

The duties and responsibilities described here are not exhaustive and additional assignments, duties, or responsibilities may be required of this position. Assignments, duties, and responsibilities may be changed at any time, with or without notice, by Blackstone in its sole discretion.
Expected annual base salary range:
$160,000 - $175,000
Actual base salary within that range will be determined by several components including but not limited to the individual's experience, skills, qualifications and job location. For roles located outside of the US, please disregard the posted salary bands as these roles will follow a separate compensation process based on local market comparables.

Additional compensation: Base salary does not include other forms of compensation or benefits offered in connection with the advertised role.
Blackstone is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, marital or partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, genetic predisposition, veteran or military status, status as a victim of domestic violence, a sex offense or stalking, or any other class or status in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to hiring, placement, promotion, termination, transfer, leave of absence, compensation, and training. All Blackstone employees, including but not limited to recruiting personnel and hiring managers, are required to abide by this policy.
If you need a reasonable accommodation to complete your application, please email Human Resources at
HR-Recruiting-Americas@Blackstone.com
.
Depending on the position, you may be required to obtain certain securities licenses if you are in a client facing role and/or if you are engaged in the following:
Attending client meetings where you are discussing Blackstone products and/or and client questions;
Marketing Blackstone funds to new or existing clients;
Supervising or training securities licensed employees;
Structuring or creating Blackstone funds/products; and
Advising on marketing plans prepared by a sales team or developing and/or contributing information for marketing materials.
Note: The above list is not the exhaustive list of activities requiring securities licenses and there may be roles that require review on a case-by-case basis. Please speak with your Blackstone Recruiting contact with any questions.

To submit your application please complete the form below. Fields marked with a red asterisk * must be completed to be considered for employment (although some can be answered "prefer not to say"). Failure to provide this information may compromise the follow-up of your application. When you have finished click Submit at the bottom of this form.